README.md, before:

# Caffe

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/BVLC/caffe.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/BVLC/caffe)
[![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-BSD-blue.svg)](LICENSE)

Caffe is a deep learning framework made with expression, speed, and modularity in mind.
It is developed by the Berkeley Vision and Learning Center ([BVLC](http://bvlc.eecs.berkeley.edu)) and community contributors.

Check out the [project site](http://caffe.berkeleyvision.org) for all the details like

- [DIY Deep Learning for Vision with Caffe](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1UeKXVgRvvxg9OUdh_UiC5G71UMscNPlvArsWER41PsU/edit#slide=id.p)
- [Tutorial Documentation](http://caffe.berkeleyvision.org/tutorial/)
- [BVLC reference models](http://caffe.berkeleyvision.org/model_zoo.html) and the [community model zoo](https://github.com/BVLC/caffe/wiki/Model-Zoo)
- [Installation instructions](http://caffe.berkeleyvision.org/installation.html)

and step-by-step examples.

[![Join the chat at https://gitter.im/BVLC/caffe](https://badges.gitter.im/Join%20Chat.svg)](https://gitter.im/BVLC/caffe?utm_source=badge&utm_medium=badge&utm_campaign=pr-badge&utm_content=badge)

Please join the [caffe-users group](https://groups.google.com/forum/#!forum/caffe-users) or [gitter chat](https://gitter.im/BVLC/caffe) to ask questions and talk about methods and models.
Framework development discussions and thorough bug reports are collected on [Issues](https://github.com/BVLC/caffe/issues).

Happy brewing!

## License and Citation

Caffe is released under the [BSD 2-Clause license](https://github.com/BVLC/caffe/blob/master/LICENSE).
The BVLC reference models are released for unrestricted use.

Please cite Caffe in your publications if it helps your research:

    @article{jia2014caffe,
      Author = {Jia, Yangqing and Shelhamer, Evan and Donahue, Jeff and Karayev, Sergey and Long, Jonathan and Girshick, Ross and Guadarrama, Sergio and Darrell, Trevor},
      Journal = {arXiv preprint arXiv:1408.5093},
      Title = {Caffe: Convolutional Architecture for Fast Feature Embedding},
      Year = {2014}
    }

Commit message:

Modified README and added example of MDLSTM

README.md, after:

# Caffe with MDLSTM extension

This fork of Caffe add support for the Multi-Dimensional LSTM layer proposed by Alex Graves ([arXiv](https://arxiv.org/abs/0705.2011)).
The main contribution is in the `MDLSTMLayer.cpp` which implememnts a CPU parallel version of the layer based on OpenMP.
The code should compile without problems on Linux and MacOS (be careful though because Mac doesn't have OpenMP support by default).

Currently there is no GPU implementation for this layer and any suggestion/help is appreciated (write to 91snake91 (at) gmail (dot) com).

## Example usage
The layer is called `MDLSTM` in the protobuf definition. A full example can be found in the `example/mnist/mdlstm` folder.


## License and Citation

Caffe is released under the [BSD 2-Clause license](https://github.com/BVLC/caffe/blob/master/LICENSE).
The BVLC reference models are released for unrestricted use.

Please cite Caffe in your publications if it helps your research:

    @article{jia2014caffe,
      Author = {Jia, Yangqing and Shelhamer, Evan and Donahue, Jeff and Karayev, Sergey and Long, Jonathan and Girshick, Ross and Guadarrama, Sergio and Darrell, Trevor},
      Journal = {arXiv preprint arXiv:1408.5093},
      Title = {Caffe: Convolutional Architecture for Fast Feature Embedding},
      Year = {2014}
    }
